# Kickstarting with Excel
## Overview
The overview of this project is analyzing data to determine how different campaigns faired in relation to their launch dates, campaign types, and funding goals.
## Purpose
### The purpose of the project was to analyze trends to predict future campaign successes, prior to launching.
## Analysis
The analysis of the project included 4,112 projects in various categories as well as subcategories such as film and video, television, theater, plays, technology, games, publishing, music, and many others. The challenges included analying such a large dataset, and funneling down to determine which information would be the most relevant for the project.  Deeper analyses included an analysis of outcomes based on launch date, and an analysis of outcomes based on goals.
## Results
The results of the Outcomes based on Launch Date analysis could lead to at least two conclusions.  The first conclusion would be that by looking at the data, the highest number of successful launches occurred in the months of May, June, and July.  The second conclusion is that the lowest amount of successful launches occurred in the month of January.  This could lead one to predict that the most successful launch dates are in the warmer months.  However, a limitation of this data is that the number of campaigns launched in May, June, and July were higher than in any other months.  Additionally, the lowest number of launches occurred in December, which could potentially skew the data.

The results of the Outcomes based on Goals analysis showed a trend of more successful launches when the funding goals were set at less than $5,000.  Likewise, the failure rate for campaigns launched within this budget were the lowest, with percentages between 24% and 27%.  In comparison, campaigns with higher funding goals had higher failure rates, but more campaigns were launched at the lower budget ranges.  This could be a limitation of this dataset, as with higher launch rates, one could expect higher success rates.  The opposite could be said of having fewer launches with higher budgets.  
Further analysis could include creating a table bringing launch dates into the Outcomes based on Goals analysis to determine length of time for acquiring funds.  Tables could also be added to analyze other campaign categories such as music, television, or games, to see if the trends that are seen for theater projects are comparable to other campaign types.
